add log-anomaly section to Logs documentation (#13390)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/logs/explorer/_index.md

  - To learn more about searching for logs in Log Explorer, see the [Search Logs documentation][3].
  - To start creating queries and using facets in Log Explorer, read the [Log Search Syntax documentation][4].

>   - To learn more about how Watchdog Insights surfaces anomalous logs within your current search context, read the [Log Anomaly Detection documentation][8].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - To learn more about how Watchdog Insights surface anomalous logs within your search context, read the [Log Anomaly Detection documentation][8].
```
